Today. we will talk about a solution to a problem that can
only happen in Innova City.

What is the problem.  It is the 61.4TWh being consumed that rivals the
consumption of a whole nation Switzerland.

How did we get there?

One must understand the scaling trends in technology.  In principle
there has been an unprecedented rise in computer power, in particular
the performance as measured by operations per second has really been
scaling exponentially with time.

So although there has been a scalling in performance, chip frequency
has not increased for many years now.  This is primarily because there
is a fundamental thermal ceiling we are hitting.  That is our silicon
is getting too hot.

Because of this thermal ceiling, the power per area has become more or
less constant,  and any benefit in operations per second has to come
from an equivalent lowering of energy per op.

This is clearly seen in the following graph.  As you can see here for
a processor the performance scales together with energy per op.  And
the curve is steep, this means that you are burning a lot of power to
reach a certain performance level.  Chip manufacturers realize this
and have pushed back from this scaling in favor of multicore chips,
i.e. choose more power efficient points and reach the same level of
performance by having more of them in parallel.

The extreme of this is designing very energy performing hardware for
very specific tasks such as with asics.  The block chain community
realizes this arms race and has invented protocols that make it hard
for specilized hardware to thrive.

One example of this is the push to move more of the computation to the
memory because memory has not scaled well.  As you see in this figure
if you are spending most of your time fetching data from memory then
there are dimishing returns for making better hardware.

But all this push to hardware is particular troubling because of the
emphasis on performance or time to completion.

Our solution proposed to turn this incentive on its head by
incentivizing efficiency as opposed to performance.

This is where innova city comes in, only in a environment in which
every one's power usage is free from brokers, an environment in which
I can accurately tell you how much power I have used and when.  Energy
which consumption which is more transparent can we offer an
alternative to this arms race.

Here is our solution.  We will show in our demo, the typical
blockchain network, client which sends transactions to be validated
